The Lord showed me an American flag, and
the American flag was transformed into a
hundred-dollar
bill. The
bill was waving
in the wind, and all of a sudden,
it started to transform into some kind
of digital code—almost like
crypto code. The crypto was
all
moving and alive;
it was all kind of like an
internet math code, moving and
moving. I said, "Lord, what
is this?"and the Lord said, "The dollar
is
about to turn into a digital
dollar."He
said
it will be worth half of what it's
worth right now, so a hundred-dollar bill
would be worth fifty dollars.
He showed me the banks went
bankrupt. All the money that was in the
banks—every
person that had money in
there, no matter if you were really rich
or if you were poor—whatever was in the
banks, they seized it. All the money was
now property of the bank somehow. I don't
know how they did it, but all the
loans that you have on your house and
on your cars and everything, I
saw that they would call it a
debt jubilee. Because they
couldn't foreclose and take
everyone's
houses and cars because
of the dollar crashing, they just
wiped it out and created a new
platform; they created a new digital
dollar with this. Then the Lord
showed me lines of people standing at
Target and
Walmart
trying to get food, but they weren't
dressed in poverty-looking clothes;
they still had nice clothes on.
It happened so suddenly;
it was like an overnight deal. People
were in lines at Target and Walmart
for a mile long because there
were
no products and there was no food; there
was hardly anything in these stores, and
people were waiting just to get whatever
they could get. I could see them
all in a single-file line, and it
stretched forever. He showed me
certain cryptocurrencies that would go
up in value, he showed me certain things
that would happen with gold and
silver, and he showed me that for this
year, he talked to me about the Euro.
He told me the Euro would be in trouble
because of what was going on with Europe
and this war. That was one of the
words that he gave me when I was praying
about 2023; that was one of the first
signs
that this was all going to
happen like dominoes. So I just
simply
wanted to come on and tell everybody: the
things that are fixing to start to
happen are very serious. I want to
say this too—I
mistime
sometimes. Whenever I
am
seeing and I am praying and the Lord's
showing me things that are coming, there
is
like a depth perception.
Sometimes it comes really quick, and
sometimes he is showing me years in
advance, and I don't
know. So I just have to keep praying over
it. It's like this: in 2018,
he showed me that there was something
going to happen with the chickens.
He said the chickens were going to
become very expensive and that the eggs
were going to become hard to get. It
would be very expensive
for some eggs compared to what they
usually were.
So I ran out and bought 20
chickens, trying to make sure that I had
enough chickens because of what he told
me, acting on the word that he gave me,
and that was in 2018.
So all the years went by and nothing happened. The next
year went by, and nothing. And here we are;
it
went all the way
through the pandemic, and nothing. I
thought, "Man, I really had missed this;
this is really flaky."I felt bad.
I had to apologize to my wife and I said,
"I'm sorry, honey, I missed it."I bought
all those chickens, and the
Lord showed me. I guess that was
averted; we prayed it away or something.
And then here it is, 2023, and all the
stuff about chickens. I believe we're
just at the beginning of that. I believe
there'll be more to it, maybe with
the chickens.
Whatever the Lord shows me, like I
said, sometimes it's four or five years
before it manifests. That being said, I
just wanted to let you all know that.
Thank you.